[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who
dare to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his
crew were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates depart
for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Receiving a distress call,
the crew lands
on Punk Hazard, an island
split into two sections
with extremely
different climates--
the Burning Lands
and the Ice Lands.
They're enemies with
Smoker of the Navy.
That gives us a perfect
excuse to wipe out
both groups of troublemakers
and shift the blame.
Why, we may keep
our secrets yet!
Call Joker.
[SUBORDINATE A]
Right!
This plan.
Must be why you joined up with
the Seven Warlords, isn't it?
But what the hell are you after?
[LAW] If ya wanna get to
the bottom of something,
then ya gotta broaden
your horizons.
Or you'll miss the truth!
Scalpel!
[SMOKER]
My heart!
[heart beating]
You can beg, but I
don't have to tell you
a damn thing.
[LUFFY]
"Meeting Again after Two Years!
Luffy and Law!"
[heart beating]
[MARINE K]
No! Don't do it, Cap'n!
That guy's way too strong.
I refuse to retreat! Let go!
I joined the Navy
to fight, dammit!
Go anywhere near him,
and you're only gonna
get chopped up again.
Stay here! Leave it to Smokey.
--[TASHIGI gasps]
--[MARINES] Huh?
Look, the circle is gone!
Right! Let's go!
Don't stop now, Crocotaur!
We're almost there!
What is that?
[USOPP]
A ship?
Yep. Sure looks like a warship.
So the Navy's on the island?
What? Are you sure?
When did they get here?
What's going on?
I need to get to the master!
Hey, look, we've got company.
[LUFFY]
Wait... I know him!
Hey! Hello!
Whatcha doin' here?
You remember me, don't you?
You helped me out that one time.
Straw Hat.
He's here?
That's the guy we met
at the Human Shoppe
in Sabaody.
Trafalgar Law.
But why's he here?
[LUFFY]
Right. Traffy!
He helped me out, you guys know.
Back in the Battle
of Marineford.
He got me off the field
and treated my wounds.
He did?
Yeah, sure.
He saved my life, like Jimbei.
Okay. I'm gonna go talk
to him right now!
Hey!
I didn't expect to run into you.
Small world, huh?
You saved me. I owe ya one.
Really, thanks!
Hey, wait. Uh...
Where'd your buddies go?
[LAW]
Quick! Hand over Straw Hat!
Hand him over and we can escape.
He'll die without my help.
Trust me. I'm a doctor.
Where's my brother?!
What will happen
to him if he remains
in that state?
Simple.
If he keeps flailing around,
the more likely he is
to open his wound.
And if that happens,
chances are he'll die.
He needs to rest.
For two weeks, at least.
Got it? Or he won't heal.
I understand.
And thank you for everything.
[LAW] It looks like you
pulled through, Straw Hat.
Well, glad my treatment took,
but you don't have
to thank me for it.
I did it on a whim, that's all.
We're not buddies.
Don't forget,
we're both pirates.
[LUFFY chuckles]
I know.
Opponents, rivals, enemies,
but enemy or not,
you still helped me.
So thanks!
This is cool!
First Jimbei, and now you!
I'm getting a lot of "thank
yous" checked off my list!
Hey, over there!
On the ground. A marine.
[USOPP]
Is that who I think it is?
Can I get a little help
here, Trafalgar?
Hey!
Wait! Please!
Oh, no!
Smoker!
[MARINES]
Smokey!
Marines!
Wait, that girl. I know her.
[MARINES yelling]
[USOPP] Uh, Luffy, we've got
marines headed our way!
[LUFFY]
Yep!
[MARINE K] What do you see?
What happened?
[MARINE F]
You think Smokey's all right?
Please wake up!
[LUFFY]
That's what I thought.
It's Smokey and his crew.
Long time no see!
[TASHIGI]
There's a hole in his chest.
Smoker, no!
[MARINE P] In order to become a
member of the Seven Warlords,
he delivered the hearts
of a hundred pirates
to the Navy headquarters.
He's off the rails!
[TASHIGI crying]
Damn you! Damn you! Damn you!
Damn you!
Come on. Ugh. Really?
I hate this kinda thing.
Too much drama.
[LAW]
Room.
[TASHIGI gasps]
[MARINE N]
Tashigi!
[LAW]
Shambles!
[MARINE E] Aw, damn!
He took her down again!
[MARINE C]
Smokey isn't moving, either.
Are they both dead?
Once wasn't enough?
Please. I win again, Captain.
[MARINES]
Tashigi!
Luffy!
That's our cue
to get outta here!
[LUFFY]
Hold on.
Hey, you. Traffy.
Got a question for ya.
Head over to the
lab around the back.
When you get there, you'll find
what you're looking for.
We'll meet again soon.
We both have things
we mean to get back.
[BROWNBEARD]
He meant me.
He's going to save me
from this indignity.
I'm a former pirate,
not a horse!
Let's get as far away
from those Navy punks
as we can.
[GROUP grunts]
Think Smokey's gonna be okay?
That looked rough.
Traffy didn't go easy on him.
Hey, look!
Guys, it's Straw Hat Luffy!
[MARINE A]
Fire!
Quit it!
Don't worry about those guys.
Smokey's down. The Captain, too.
[GIRL C]
It's freezing!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
What should we do?
The kids can't take
the cold much longer.
Well. I've got enough fur
for a couple of coats.
No way! That's my body!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
Okay, fine, but I don't think
we're gonna find
any warm clothing
just lying around.
Maybe there's a lodge
or something?
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Yeah, yeah!
With a mirror and a camera.
And a shower would be nice.
Shut up! I will kill you!
I don't get it.
They're scary!
[KIN'EMON]
Very well.
I can see we have
no other choice.
I need you all to place
a leaf upon your heads.
What? Why would we do that?
Don't joke, dude.
The poor kiddos are gonna
collapse from the cold.
Besides. What leaves?
There aren't any.
Just look around.
There are no plants.
Fine. Forget leaves.
Start gathering
some stones instead.
Hurry!
[CHILDREN whimper]
Okay, we'll do it,
but this had better
not be a prank.
I'll get 'em for the kids too.
[CHILDREN gasp]
Now what?
We've got the rocks.
I hope you don't do
some stupid spell,
like "abracadabra,
make it not cold."
'Cause I'd kill ya.
All right!
[grunting]
Huh?
Poof!
[ALL]
Huh?! What's this?
I've got a coat and boots now!
Awesome!
But how? What did you do?
Gloves, too!
I'm all warm now!
Thanks, samurai!
You're welcome, small one.
I have not always possessed
this strange ability.
But one day, I ate a fruit.
An unusual one.
And since then,
I have been able to disguise
myself and others
as I please.
I know little
of foreign clothing.
I hope this will suffice.
Also, due to the nature
of the magic,
the clothes will disappear
if you remove them.
[CHILDREN chattering]
He covered my boobs.
I didn't know you'd
eaten a Devil Fruit.
What? Devil?
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
Hey, hold on a second.
[CHILDREN]
Huh?
This whole time,
you had that power.
So why didn't you use it sooner?
[CHILDREN yell]
I was helpless.
That little breast band
she's wearing...
I couldn't bring myself
to cover it up.
[NAMI (FRANKY) gasps]
You perv!
[KIN'EMON grunts]
That... really... itches!
Jeez. Say it. "I'm hurt."
Admitting that isn't
going to kill you.
I itch...
[LUFFY]
Oh, hey! Look who it is!
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Huh?
--Hi, guys!
--[BROOK] Hello!
[LUFFY]
Hey! Hey!
[laughing]
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
What are they doing here?
Hi! Everyone okay?
Yo ho ho ho ho ho!
Dude, now what?
Hey, it's Luffy!
Zoro and Usopp, too.
Robin! Brook!
I'm so happy to see you!
What the--?
Why's the jackass cook
prancing around like that?
Cold does strange
things to people.
[CHOPPER (SANJI) laughing]
Is it just me or are
there giant children
with them, too?
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Huh?!
Huh? Wait! No, don't do it!
Franky! Down, boy!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Hello.
[GROUP gasps]
[USOPP sighs]
Out of the cold! Finally!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
This building reminds me a lot
of the other one.
[ROBIN]
But this one is badly damaged,
as if there were some
sort of explosion here.
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] Long as it
gets us out of that blizzard,
it's fine by me.
Now. Let's talk. Who's up first?
[NAMI (FRANKY) sobs]
I can't believe I did that to my
own body!
Here.
Let me see if I can help.
What are you doing, Sanji?
Get your hands off me!
But, it's me, Chopper.
[KIN'EMON laughs]
My legs are back!
I'm almost whole now!
[laughs]
[LUFFY]
My extra legs!
I'm not a centaur anymore!
--[LUFFY crying]
--[KIN'EMON laughing]
Enough! You were never
a centaur, so just let it go!
How very odd.
[KIN'EMON laughing]
Yo ho ho ho!
Quite a funny chap, isn't he?
The skeleton...
...is talking.
Nami-Sanji. You okay?
I think so.
But I was just having
the strangest dream.
I was floating down a river
that flowed between
giant boobs.
Really?! That's what you're
dreaming about?!
[NAMI (FRANKY) crying]
Hey! Do a trick!
Yeah, the tank thing!
[CHILDREN chattering]
Not now!
Right. That's not him.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
You sure?
You've gotta be craving one.
Go on.
I know you like to smoke
when you're stressed out.
So smoke.
Right. First up, we're gonna
need to know who's who here.
Franky. Got that? Not Chopper.
You get hurt, I'm useless.
Remember that.
Hey, guys.
Chopper speaking.
If you have any injures,
come to me.
I'm Nami. 'Kay?
No laser beams.
No tanks. Don't ask.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
And now, I present to you...
Nami! Yeah!
Well, hello, beautiful!
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Defile my body again.
I dare you.
[SANJI (NAMI) gasps]
I'll stop, I promise!
Please don't hurt Nami again!
She's too pretty!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
No, don't do it!
That would be suicide!
Touch me and you get a fine.
One hundred thousand berries.
No, make it two.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
But my dream!
[laughing]
Shut up!
Wouldn't be so funny
if it happened to you!
[USOPP] Let's start from
the top and make sure
we've got it straight.
This head and legs belong
to a Wano samurai.
The distress signal
we intercepted before
coming to the island
was actually meant
for the big boss Crocotaur
and was sent by
one of his men.
Seems our sliced-up samurai pal
did some slicing of his own,
with the centaurs
on the receiving end.
Yes. I fought them,
but only to rescue my son.
His name is Momonosuke.
He's missing,
and those men were in my way.
Just look.
You can see with your
own eyes how many
children were prisoners
in that foul facility.
I have no doubt my son
is one of them.
Yeah. There were others.
More children like us.
I guess your son could
be one of them.
But I don't know.
Right, but what happened
after that distress signal?
Who the heck sliced you?
The man we encountered. Him.
The one with the cold eyes
and the silly cap
who bears the title "Warlord."
Say what?!
Wait. Traffy?
He's a Warlord now, really?
[ROBIN] Yes. Well, a lot
can change in two years.
Bastard.
He took his blade
and carved me up.
My head was kept
in the facility.
My torso remained where it fell.
And my legs were chased
away by a vile beast.
They were making
a valiant effort to escape
when they became
stuck on something.
Which was the dragon.
That explains it.
Oh, right, a Warlord.
You were mad at one.
I remember now.
Wait, but it was just legs.
So how did he talk?
That's a real good question.
It's simple. By farting.
It's a talent of mine.
Here, I'll show you.
Fart-talking? Okay, gross!
But useful.
[LUFFY]
Didn't smell so bad outside.
[BROOK]
Yo ho ho ho ho!
Would you believe I met another
partial person recently?
You have a head and legs.
He had just a torso.
Ha! That's funny.
Right, 'cause that was
his torso, dumbass.
[BROOK gasps]
Oh, dear!
You saw it, skeleton? Truly?
Where is my torso?
We must go there at once!
[MARINES]
Uh...
Uh... so... now you're Tashigi?
Y-Yes.
[MARINES]
What?! No way!
This cannot be happening!
So the two of them got switched?
This is too weird.
So you're a guy now?
And um, the whole heart thing.
You doing okay without one?
I think so.
[MARINE K] Talking to her
is hard enough, but...
Smokey?
Oh. Dear god. T-The horror!
I can never un-see that.
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)] There
was a ship hidden beside
the laboratory.
The letters C.C.
were written on it.
What?
I didn't know there was a ship.
You saw it, Vice Admiral?
[SMOKER (TASHIGI)]
Yeah.
If it was left over
from the old days
before the island was destroyed,
the mark should be P.H.
for Punk Hazard.
I'm guessing that Law
isn't the mastermind here.
Someone else is.
Someone with the initials C.C.,
and I think I know who.
It would make sense.
Him being here on this island.
A lot of things are
starting to fall into place.
I believe the person behind
this is a former colleague
of Dr. Vegapunk.
A scientist named Caesar Clown.
Heavens. What have you
done now, Law? Well?
If anyone's got
a complaint, it's me.
Caesar!
[NARRATOR]
To everyone's surprise,
the ruler of Punk Hazard
is a highly admired
figure in the
ferocious New World.
While the Straw Hat are
still reeling over this
newly discovered revelation,
Smoker inches closer to
uncovering the secret
of the master's true form.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Worst in the World!
A Scientist of Terror - Caesar!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!